# recruitment
Online Recruitment Management system is an internship mini project created in the python django framework.It contains two modules, Admin and User. It is a function-based code. In this code, the admin accepts different types of jobs from different types of companies and uploads those jobs to the website. Candidates who need the jobs can apply through the website. The jobs are visible to the candidates without registration. But if we want to apply for the jobs then we should register on the site. Registration is a small procedure that accepts only some basic details. After the registration candidate should wait for the admin approval. Admin has the option to accept or reject the application. Whatever the admin's decision, we find out when the next login ( status is accepted or rejected or still waiting for the admin approval). After the approval candidate can log in to the site. We can see the details that we added to the profile, if we needed there is an option to edit our profile. Also now we can visit and apply for the jobs which are added by the admin. When we click the apply button there is an application form is visible and, we just only need to upload the resume and any messages to admin if we want, the other details like name email id are auto-filled in the form. If you are already applied for the job then a message is shown that 'you already applied for this job'. Otherwise, after the successful submission, we redirected to our profile page. Also, we can see the interview scheduling details in the notification bar. The candidates have the option to confirm or decline the interview. If the candidate forgets the password there is a link 'forget password' on the login page, if we click that link we get a form that asks for the registered email id, after entering the email id, an email is sent by the website which contains a password, we can use the password to enter our account and there is an option for 'change password'. So we can update our password. In the admin module, we can see the no.of registered users, jobs available, and so on, also a list of applications for admin approval, admin can accept or reject the application with the respective buttons. In the job allocation menu, we can see the applications of candidates for various jobs. If we click the allocation button a form will open which contains the details of the company for which the candidate is applied and the resume of the candidate. If the admin decided to schedule the interview then add the address and date of the interview and click on the 'allocate' button otherwise just click on the reject button. There is an option to add the jobs. Besides that, the admin can view all the details which is running in the site.
